I do believe now we're recording in the other direction.
Yep.
Great little machine.
You talk to Marzi, you talk to Wong.
And we'll get Corbis in there, and that'll be the end of that.
But then, and of course they make the CDs, didn't they?
And they made that fancy little thing they call a codec-scope.
studying the codex, the Lester codex, that Bill Gates paid $30 million for.
You know, Bill Gates's library on the one hand, and Bill Gates's digital paintings.
Umberto Eco on the concept of fakes and originals.
The quote from Foucault's Pendulum about then, when the original is gone, the next copy is the original.
There's a lot there.
Maybe this is the place to do it.
And again, it's part of the book arts.
Paper.
Is this where we're going?
People who still do it.
And it's going to be fast and clean and being clean.
And it's going to be done quickly.
I can't do a whole ton of interviews.
We do this like a magazine piece.
Like a magazine article.
So now we've got the book arts.
Book people, book places, book culture.
Is there a place for Cleveland here?
I hope so.
Or we can work it in various places.
It is a Midwestern city that seems to do, and it's Ohio.
And, you know, maybe here you can bring in OCLC, Middle America.
Garrett Hunter, OCLC, LexisNexis.
Western Reserve, Cleveland Public Library, the Rofont Club, the collectors, who I don't have to profile to any great extent, but the book culture of Cleveland.
Just call that book culture.
Book culture.
Cleveland, Ohio, book culture from a Cleveland.
And then maybe you can really express that phrase.
You can really develop that idea of book culture in a community.
Using Cleveland as a case study, as a place where books still matter to a great extent.
I like it.
Boy, I don't know how many we've got now.
Very evil.
Destruction.
Well, how about in the National Libraries?
How about in the national libraries?
That is a national library, and it's still there.
It's a halt, and it was destroyed.
The efforts that Andras Riedelmeyer has made.
So I think we will do that.
Why don't we do that?
That'll be the penultimate chapter.
It'll be discreet.
It'll be small.
It'll be tight.
And then we'll go straight from Sarajevo, which is present and future.
And as the millennium approaches, it's still a hulk.
And then we flash to the National Library.
So let's insert Sarajevo in right there.
Right there.
That's good.
And that's your Continuum II.
That's your Continuum II chapter.
Attack on Memory is prior to that Continuum II.
And, you know, we haven't discussed the Emigre Libraries, have we?
Jeez, that's so important.
The library in Venice.
The library in Paris that served as the library for... Well, you know, why not in the National Libraries?
Again, we're talking about culture and heritage and archives.
And we have formal repositories and informal de facto, de facto repositories.
And so they can go in right there.
Together or in tandem.
But together.
And so let's see, just so we don't forget, we mentioned San Lazaro in Venice.
the Armenian Library, the Georgian Papers, which Harvard just returned to the newly re-established Republic of Georgia, Poland, and Cambodia, which Cornell is working on.
And we either do Cambodia when we do Cornell or we do
Cambodia here.
We'll just have to decide.
We'll have to decide.
We'll have to write it and see how it goes.
So I think we could have anywhere from 10 to a dozen chapters there.
And Gentle Madness, which had 14, we've got a prologue, and then we will have an epilogue.
And the epilogue will be...
As I indicated at the top of this monologue, in Alexandria, on the site of the Great Library, not far from the White House, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
And here, as a beacon to the next millennium, is being built a modern library.
And I have to get information from John Cole on that and from UNESCO on that.
And we don't want to forget the preservation stuff
that we saw at Leipzig, and that's part of the German program.
We can talk about what LC's doing with preservation and brittle books, and what LC's doing when it goes off-site on the Harvard model.
Apparently, there's a videotape that we want to see on the Harvard model.
And I think what you've got there, Nicholas, is a complete book.
And I'm going to listen to this when I get home.
And as I listen to it, maybe I'll take some notes.
And I've just passed through Hartford, so I know I've been talking for close to an hour and a half.
It usually takes me 65 minutes to do this part of the trip between Boston and New York.
But because I haven't really gone over 45 minutes an hour, and I've kind of lost track of the time, but it's been a wonderful way to pass the time.
And now I'm past Hartford and I'm within an hour of being home and I need gas pretty soon.
And if anything else comes up, I'll just go ahead and turn this thing on.
So, I do encourage you when you get home to take a look at your notebook from New York because a lot of new things came our way.
We were talking about the book arts, Terry Belanger.
We also want to talk about library schools and that fellow that we met last night at our lectures.
We've got to find a place for a library school.
Possibly, possibly, in paradigm lost, paradigm regained.
That's the fellow I've got to talk to.
And on Book Odds, the nice guy that gave a talk at the Houghton Library on the George Parker Winship address.
A guy from New York.
I met him again last night.
He's in book design.
You want to mention Bibliography Week, too.
It goes on in Bibliography Week.
We'll tell you what Bibliography Week is all about.
Jean Ashton said she would talk to me when this guy is finally sentenced.
They're stealing the stuff.
Jean Ashton also, incidentally, by the way, her concept of medium rare for books, kind of fun for preservation.
Remember Don Riggs at the University of Michigan who said the just-in-case books?
Five years, the plan.
Don't forget that Cornell is under orders from its trustees to go from 6.8 million books to 5 million books.
Mark Divination is leaving Cornell to go to the Library of Congress.
Bill Stoneman has left the Scheide Library to go to the Houghton Library.
And Paul Needham, we learned today, is going from Sotheby's to the Scheide Library.
Interesting stuff.
Very, very interesting stuff.
We just want to be alert to these things when we write them up.
I may have failed to mention Fratering Gregorian, Paul Leclerc.
These are people that I've interviewed.
They're all part of the mix.
Fred Schreiber.
And when I was doing the booksellers, did I mention Herbert Tinsert?
I certainly hope I did.
Glastonberg and Stern.
So you just want to think of all these people.
Go through your notes, go through your tapes, see where they apply.
Okay, this is Nick out for the moment.